Add optional "allow-blank" attribute to pl-dropdown, pl-matching and pl-rich-text-editor (#10298)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements.md

Reviewer: Documentation update for pl-rich-text-editor is missing.

---

> ### `pl-dropdown` element

Reviewer: pl-dropdown is actually at the bottom of this document, in the deprecated section.

Author: Huh, weird, I must've accidentally moved that back up when resolving a merge conflict.

| `number-options`      | integer                                                    | special       | The number of options to display. Defaults to all options. The `none-of-the-above` option does not count towards this number.                                                                                          |
| `none-of-the-above`   | boolean                                                    | false         | Whether or not to add a "None of the above" to the end of the options.                                                                                                                                                 |
| `blank`               | boolean                                                    | true          | Option to add blank dropdown entry as the default selection in each dropdown list.                                                                                                                                     |

> | `allow-blank`         | boolean                                                    | false         | Whether or not an a blank submission is allowed. By default, empty dropdowns will not be graded (invalid format).                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: Note that, unlike some other elements that allow a blank answer to be correct or to represent a different value, in this case a blank answer is always incorrect. I believe this should be clarified in the docs. This text is based on the same option in pl-multiple-choice (you will need to prettify the spacing).

```suggestion
| `allow-blank`         | boolean                                                    | false         | Whether or not a blank submission is allowed. If this is set to true, a statement that selects the blank entry will be marked as incorrect instead of invalid.  |
```

Reviewer: Don't forget the prettify (`make format`).
